me so poached salmon with Asian
vegetables organization is key in the
kitchen saying a couple of minutes
before you start and set yourself up
make sure you know everything is stock
spatula pan etc it becomes their
stressful but more importantly the end
results are incredible
first off get your panel wrist and stock
start off with this amazing fermented
soy bean puree into the pan three knife
tablespoons gas on now get your fish
stock and whisk into the puree be
Jennifer the stock you want this nice
light broth basically you can buy miso
paste from big supermarkets and it works
brilliantly with salmon poaching the
salmon in the me system gives it really
nice sort of sweet earthy creamy flavor
it's incredible bring up to the ball
could infuse the broth and make a little
more fragrant kaffir lime leaf is pre
lemonade in size the miso broth then
chopped chili chilies in and finely
sliced ginger that's simmering
beautifully now when I post the summer
poaching means cooking in liquid buzz
cook gently on the cigarette here is to
keep that salmon skin on if we took the
skin off now the salmon actually break
up whilst is poaching skin side down
it's going to slide that in
under nice the minute that stop start
boiling turn it down let it simmer take
a little ladle just every couple minutes
pour over that make sure the top of a
salmon is cooked evenly and keeps it
nice and moist and poaching is one of
most delicate ways of cooking so you
have to handle it with care whilst the
salmon poaching and the miso broth start
preparing your vegetables I'm using
tender stem broccoli and bok choy I was
like to cook the leaf and the stem
separately the leaf is like spinach and
the stem is so much thicker than almost
as thick as a stick of celery so I like
to get the stems sliced just so I've got
that nice full of Christmas place the
leaves together nicely roll them up nice
and tight and then slice them down now
my son already the flavor in that broth
has been elevated now it tastes really
fish you got the heat the chili spices
the ginger and the kaffir lime leaf take
your fish slice and place it very gently
underneath the salmon and push it down
fish slices are flexible for that reason
bend it lift it up just touch them for a
springy firm texture just
silver on top we'll touch on the broth
over it it stops it from drying out
leave that to cool down for two minutes
bring the stock back up the boil
broccoli in bak choy stems in little
taste see it better and better better
cook the broccoli and the duck to expand
for one minute and then add the tops in
turn the salad into your hand and just
peel let skin off the skin also helps to
keep the center nice and moist then
gently flag the salmon that's the secret
behind poaching everything just stays so
moist wonderful long shards of pink now
just before we serve we're going to add
our mushrooms these are enoki mushrooms
you could buy these enoki mushrooms in
big supermarkets and good grocers slice
them off and put half in and the other
half I serve with the salmon toasty
sesame seed oil a little drip in there
just rub and you're just lining almost
like a little coat of varnish start off
with your mushrooms and then my salmon
for nice layers
and then finally the mushrooms top with
the vegetables and then finally a nice
label that beautiful really sumptuous
rich stock lovely and that is an amazing
Mesa poached salmon soup simplify your
cooking by getting organized and amazing
food will be coming out your kitchen
every day and for great food you need
great ingredients